opportunities/TECH LEAD - TRAVEL SCALEUP- FULL REMOTE.md, before:

**Tech Lead**

About Us 👀 

Established in 2013, we are a dynamic and ambitious start-up specializing in creating and distributing online travel experiences. Backed by top national and international investors, we aim to offer our clients unforgettable journeys to the most beautiful places on Earth at unbelievable prices.


Responsibilities🤝
Design, develop, and implement projects using PHP and Symfony.
Collaborate on migrating non-scalable and untestable code to best practices.
Build, maintain, and scale infrastructure for production and development environments.
Comprehend automation requirements and collaborate closely with the development team.

Requirements💻
3+ years of experience with PHP 7+ and Symfony 4+.
Strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and SOLID principles.
Knowledge of hexagonal architecture and Domain-Driven Design (DDD).
Experience with unit testing, TDD, and ATDD.
Familiarity with event-driven architecture and event sourcing.
Proficiency in designing REST APIs.
Team player with mentoring experience.
Leadership qualities for making technical decisions.
Attention to code quality, security, and performance.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.


Nice to Have❤️
Willingness to learn Node.js, TypeScript, GraphQL, and Elasticsearch.
Desire to advance within the company and take on leadership roles.
Knowledge of DevOps and infrastructure.

Benefits💰
Salary up to 70k
Individual Training Budget.
Flexible compensation on transportation and food.
Flexible working schedule.
100% Remote working (from Spain).
Permanent contract from the start.
Travel opportunities.
Referral bonus for bringing in talented individuals.
Join a fun and motivated multicultural team at a rapidly growing organizatio

Commit message:

Update STAFF/ARCHITECT - TRAVEL SCALEUP- FULL REMOTE.md

opportunities/TECH LEAD - TRAVEL SCALEUP- FULL REMOTE.md, after:

**Staff Engineer or Architect**

About Us 👀 

Established in 2013, we are a dynamic and ambitious start-up specializing in creating and distributing online travel experiences. Backed by top national and international investors, we aim to offer our clients unforgettable journeys to the most beautiful places on Earth at unbelievable prices.


Responsibilities🤝
Design, develop, and implement projects using PHP and Symfony.
Collaborate on migrating non-scalable and untestable code to best practices.
Build, maintain, and scale infrastructure for production and development environments.
Comprehend automation requirements and collaborate closely with the development team.

Requirements💻
5+ years of experience with PHP 7+ and Symfony 4+ OR Nodejs/TS.
Strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and SOLID principles.
Knowledge of hexagonal architecture and Domain-Driven Design (DDD).
Experience with unit testing, TDD, and ATDD.
Familiarity with event-driven architecture and event sourcing.
Proficiency in designing REST APIs.
Team player with mentoring experience.
Leadership qualities for making technical decisions.
Attention to code quality, security, and performance.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.


Nice to Have❤️
Willingness to learn Node.js, TypeScript, GraphQL, and Elasticsearch.
Desire to advance within the company and take on leadership roles.
Knowledge of DevOps and infrastructure.

Benefits💰
Salary up to 75k
Individual Training Budget.
Flexible compensation on transportation and food.
Flexible working schedule.
100% Remote working (from Spain).
Permanent contract from the start.
Travel opportunities.
Referral bonus for bringing in talented individuals.
Join a fun and motivated multicultural team at a rapidly growing organizatio
